Patch 303-autoscaling-elb-same-availability-zone (#323)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/autoscaling/autoscaling-elb-same-availability-zone.md

7. On the "Load balancer" page, check under the description for the Availability Zone and if the Availability Zone of the Auto Scaling group is not the same as Load balancer, please make the changes accordingly.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/autoscaling-elb-same-availability-zone/step7.png"/>
8. Repeat steps number 2 - 7 to check other groups in the account.</br>
9. Navigate to the EC2 console using the link https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/ .</br>
10. Scroll down the EC2 console page, select the Load balancer which needs to have the same Availability Zone as the Auto Scaling group.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/autoscaling-elb-same-availability-zone/step10.png"/>
11. Click on the "Instance" tab and click on the "Edit Availability Zones" button.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/autoscaling-elb-same-availability-zone/step11.png"/>
12. Select the "Availability Zone" from the Add and Remove Subnets which is the same as Auto Scaling group and click on the Save button to make the changes.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/autoscaling/autoscaling-elb-same-availability-zone/step12.png"/>

> 13. Repeat steps number 9 - 12 to update the ELB to use the same availability zones as the autoscaling group.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Repeat steps number 9 - 12 to update the ELB to use the same availability zones as the Auto Scaling group.</br>
```
